* Pasilawoods Experience

An entry to Assembly Summer 2023 1k Intro competition.

1024 bytes of appreciation to the event, its people, and its
surroundings.

Author: qma

(known as "The Old Dude" in Instanssi contexts and Paavo Nieminen in
real life. The one currently with the Faculty of Information
Technology, University of Jyväskylä; email and phone number will be
found with these clues. Happy to be in contact about anything.)

** Further credits

As always with anything Javascript, I must specifically thank p01 for
inspiration and learnings about the craziest size minification tricks.
Although, I'm probably not going to use Brotli yet this year.. being a
masochist in that, even though they would've allowed it at Assembly
once again. The tempting 30% more content.. the temptation, the
temptation..

** Backstory

I have always wanted to make a small demoscene intro about gloomy,
eerie, woods with generated trees. The idea was clarified during
summer holidays 2023 jogging long runs at midnight and looking at
forests against skies after sunset. Now, being at Assembly, I find out
a connection with dear, sometimes little fuzzy, memories from the
certain little forest hill in Pasila some steps away from the main
event... This entry ends up representing a lot of love to forests,
Finnish midnights, and good times with the demoscene community over
the years. Remember to vote if you like it :).

** Tools used

HTML Canvas, Javascript, PNGinator, zopfli

(No piece of Brotli was eaten this time; maybe at a later compo:))

** Source code

Sources with version history will be published right after the
demoscene compos have been shown at my github account:

https://github.com/puavous/browser1k

( A part of the toolset used is in https://github.com/puavous/lmad1 )

** Instructions on how to view

Browsers don't allow the PNG compression trick from a file system
source.  Use a web server or insecure browser session without CORS. In
July 2023, the following invocation works for Chrome, makes it
insecure:

"chrome.exe --disable-web-security --disable-gpu --user-data-dir=C:\\tmp\\chromeTemp"

I guess the show needs a lot of processing power. I'm developing on a
pretty heavy duty laptop and haven't benchmarked slower machines.
Slowdown and audio crackling is quite likely on lighter equipment.

